Create a dedicated open-source programs page (#101)
pybamm-team/pybamm.org: content/contribute.md

{{< /notice >}}

#### Community work orders

While the roadmap is mainly decided by the core team (maintainers and steering council), you can donate to have issues moved up in priority via Community Work Orders. The price depends on issue difficulty and current priority. Get in touch to find out more.

### Feedback

We are experimenting with this process and always looking for ways to improve our workflow. If you have any feedback on this process or ideas for how we can improve, please get in touch either by opening a discussion on GitHub or emailing us at [pybamm@gmail.com](mailto:pybamm@gmail.com).

### Meeting links

- Monthly community meeting: TBA
- Monthly developer meeting: [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MGtxNnExZWc4ZzFiOGVuOXB0c2ZtdnZ2aTlfMjAyMzA2MTJUMTUwMDAwWiBjXzE1Nzc5MGZhNTQ0Y2JmN2UzZjViNjQ5YzcwMGJhNDA0MDRhZDA0NjM0ZjkzNDBlMjU1ZTZkZWY5OWE4OWVkZGFAZw&tmsrc=c_157790fa544cbf7e3f5b649c700ba40404ad04634f9340e255e6def99a89edda%40group.calendar.google.com&scp=ALL) | [Zoom](https://numfocus-org.zoom.us/j/89866852955?pwd=dWVzQnpHbXpaTEZCQS9hMU54ZUxodz09)

## Open-Source programs

> The PyBaMM team offers mentorship and funded opportunities under several open-source programs regulated by other organisations. These programs are an amazing opportunities for student and professionals to work on PyBaMM and get familiar with various open-source practices. More information on the open-source programs can be founf on the dedicate [Open-Source Programs](/open_source_programs) page.

Author: ```suggestion
The PyBaMM team offers mentorship and funding opportunities under several open-source programs regulated by other organisations. These programs are an amazing opportunity for students and professionals to work on PyBaMM and get familiar with various open-source practices. More information on the open-source programs can be found on the dedicated [Open-Source Programs](/open_source_programs) page.
```
